[Feat] Expose RichTextIinput editor with a ref (#9731)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/RichTextInput.md

```tsx
import { Edit, SaveButton, SimpleForm, TextInput, Toolbar } from 'react-admin';
import { DefaultEditorOptions, RichTextInput } from 'ra-input-rich-text';
import { Buuton } from 'ra-ui-materialui';
import { Editor } from '@tiptap/react';

export const PostEdit = () => {
    const editorRef = React.useRef<Editor>(null);

    return (
        <Edit>
            <SimpleForm
                toolbar={
                    <Toolbar>
                        <SaveButton />
                        <Button
                            onClick={() => editorRef.current.commands.setContent('<h3>Here is my template</h3>')}
                        >
                            Use template
                        </Button>
                    </Toolbar>
                }
            >
                <TextInput source="title" />
                <RichTextInput 
                    source="body" 
                    editorOptions={{
                        ...DefaultEditorOptions,

>                         onCreate: ({ editor }: { editor: Editor }) => {

Reviewer: <!-- Polish comments are like a suggestion, where there is nothing necessarily wrong with the relevant content, there's just some ways to immediately improve the quality.  -->
**polish:** ‏Typescript complaints here that I haven't been able to resolve

);
```

## Reference the editor

> You might need access to the editor to use [the dedicated API](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/api/editor). To do it, you can pass a `ref` to the `onCreate` function in the `editorOptions` prop of your `<RichTextInput>` component:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't look right. You don't pass a ref to the function. 
```suggestion
You might need access to the editor to use [the dedicated API](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/api/editor). To do it, use the `onCreate` function in the `editorOptions` prop of your `<RichTextInput>` component which returns the editor:
```

Author: I didn't change `you can pass a 'href'` to `use` because there was a conflit with [this comment](#discussion_r1530631189)

Author: But `which returns the editor` added

> You might need access to the editor to use [the dedicated API](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/api/editor). To do it, you can pass a `ref` to the `onCreate` function in the `editorOptions` prop of your `<RichTextInput>` component:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You might need access to the editor to use [the dedicated API](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/api/editor). To do it, you can assign a `ref` in the `onCreate` function in the `editorOptions` prop of your `<RichTextInput>` component:
```

Author: done

);
```

## `ref`

You might need access to the editor to use [the dedicated API](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/api/editor). To do it, you can pass a `ref` to your `<RichTextInput>` component and use it:

```tsx
import { Edit, SaveButton, SimpleForm, TextInput, Toolbar } from 'react-admin';
import { RichTextInput } from 'ra-input-rich-text';
import { Buuton } from 'ra-ui-materialui';
import { Editor } from '@tiptap/react';

export const PostEdit = () => {

>     const myRef = React.useRef<Editor>(null);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    const editorRef = React.useRef<Editor>(null);
```

    return (
        <Edit>
            <SimpleForm
                toolbar={
                    <Toolbar>
                        <SaveButton />
                        <Button
                            onClick={() => myRef.current.commands.setContent('<h3>Here is my template</h3>')}
                        >
                            Use template
                        </Button>
                    </Toolbar>
                }
            >
                <TextInput source="title" />

>                 <RichTextInput source="body" ref={myRef} />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                <RichTextInput source="body" ref={editorRef} />
```

                }
            >
                <TextInput source="title" />
                <RichTextInput 
                    source="body" 
                    editorOptions={{

>                         ...DefaultEditorOptions,

Reviewer 3: Missing import

Author: done
